Allow use of client public keys (#112)
gardener/gardener-extension-shoot-lakom-service: docs/usage/lakom.md

    -----END PUBLIC KEY-----
```

Here:
- `name` can be set to any string.

> - `algorithm` needs to be chosen based on the key that you are adding.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `algorithm` is the algorithm that has to be used to verify the signature, see [Supported RSA Signature Verification Algorithms](#supported-rsa-signature-verification-algorithms) for the list of supported algorithms.
```

> - `key` is the key that will be used for validating images using the algorithm that's specified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `key` is the cryptographic public key that will be used for image signature validation.
```
